---
author: CVRG
author-ptitle: 
title: Thesis
cover-images:
  - /assets/img/posts/cvrg_logo.png
---

### Theses

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/Hakan_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Detection and Localization of Motorway Overhead Directional Signs by Convolutional Neural Networks Trained with Synthetic Images</a><br>
Hakan Hekimgil, 2019, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/Bahadir_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Estimation of Low Sucrose Concentrations and Classification of Bacteria Concentrations with Machine Learning on Spectroscopic Data</a><br>
Bahadir Mezgil, 2019, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/Ulas_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Elimination of Useless Images from Raw Camera-Trap Data</a><br>
Ulas Tekeli, 2018, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/SemihOrhan_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Localization of certain animal species in images via training neural networks with image patches</a><br>
Semih Orhan, 2017, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/IpekBaris_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Classification and Tracking of Vehicles with Hybrid Camera Systems</a><br>
Ipek Baris, 2016, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/HakkiCanKaraimer_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
Shape-based Detection and Classification of Vehicles using Omnidirectional Videos</a><br>
Hakki Can Karaimer, 2015, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>

<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="2"> 
<a href="publications/IbrahimCinaroglu_MScThesis.pdf" target="blank">
A Direct Approach for Object Detection with Omnidirectional Cameras</a><br>
Ibrahim Cinaroglu, 2014, M.Sc. Thesis, Izmir Institute of Technology, Izmir, Turkey.
</font></p>


<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>

<font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif" size="1">
This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and technical work. Copyright and all rights therein are retained by authors or by other copyright holders. All persons copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked by each author's copyright. In most cases, these works may not be reposted without the explicit permission of the copyright holder.
<br>
</font>
